[keycloakx] Bump Keycloak to v19.0.2 (#633)
codecentric/helm-charts: charts/keycloakx/README.md

| `http.relativePath`                          | The relative http path (context-path)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `/auth`                                                                                                                               |
| `metrics.enabled`                            | If `true` then the metrics endpoint is exposed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `true`                                                                                                                                |

> | `health.enabled`                            | If `true` then the health endpoint is exposed. If the `readinessProbe` is is needed `metrics.enable` must be `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `true`                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: > If the `readinessProbe` is is needed `metrics.enable` must be `true`
@Footur are you sure this is true? Asking since Keycloak Operator creates readinessProbe with metrics disabled. For some reason, by default, metrics are disabled. Currently I have metrics disabled but defined readinessProbe. After this change I will be forced to enable the metrics to not lose the probe.

| `test.enabled`                               | If `true`, test resources are created                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `false`                                                                                                                               |
| `test.image.repository`                      | The image for the test Pod                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `docker.io/joyzoursky/python-chromedriver`                                                                              |

> | `test.image.tag`                             | The tag for the test Pod image                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `v1`                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `test.image.tag`                             | The tag for the test Pod image                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `3.9-selenium`                                                                                                                                  |
```
